Add Protostar Versioning section (#990)
software-mansion/protostar: website/docs/tutorials/02-installation.md

$ protostar upgrade
```

# Protostar releases

> The Protostar team tries to release a new minor version every 2 weeks.
> Each minor release may include new features, enhancements, bug fixes, depreciation warnings, and breaking changes.
> Breaking changes can be found in the changelog.
> Protostar shows a link to the changelog when a new release is detected.

Reviewer: ```suggestion

Protostar follows a biweekly release schedule.
Each release may include new features, enhancements, bug fixes, deprecations and breaking changes.
Consult [release notes](https://github.com/software-mansion/protostar/releases) for detailed information about each release.
Protostar prints a link to new release before upgrading.
```

What I had comments about:
1. I would try to avoid referring to `Protostar team`
2. I still find saying what major, minor or patch does because it's irrelevant for end user.
3. Added a link to release notes of all releases.

$ protostar upgrade
```

> # Protostar Versioning

Reviewer 2: Why do we actually include it in docs? Maybe the better place is wiki?

Reviewer 3: agree

Reviewer 3: although it doesn't hurt to include it here as well.

Reviewer 2: It is a unnecessary clutter IMO but i won't block it or anything, it doesn't hurt

Author: A user needs to decide whether to upgrade Protostar or not. At the beginning, we bumped PATCH every 2 weeks. 

https://docs.expo.dev/workflow/expo-go/#sdk-versions

Reviewer: I find this section to be much more developer-centric than user-centric. What I think users could find relatable is a statement which says "we release every 2 weeks; consult release notes for information about any breaking changes"

Reviewer 2: As an anegdote, I am not familiar with release structure of any tool I am using :p, you guys are? Why would I need this information. I just go to release notes if something breaks and check what has changed

Author: A user needs to make the decision whether it's a good moment for updating Protostar or not. `cairo-lang` and Protostar aren't super stable.

Reviewer 2: I don't think this uscase is well thought. User can just upgrade protostar, if everything works he is happy. Otherwise they can downgrade protostar (we support it in installation scripts). I think you are overestimating avg dev thought process

Reviewer 2: I think it is better, not sure about the others

Reviewer: Naturally I agree.
